Add impersonation middleware (#1110)
kubearchive/kubearchive: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/impersonation.adoc

= Impersonation

> KubeArchive API allows impersonated calls.
> It supports the same
> link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#user-impersonation[impersonation headers]
> supported by Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KubeArchive API allows to make calls on behalf of other users using the Kubernetes
impersonation system. Use the same
link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#user-impersonation[impersonation headers]
than Kubernetes to use the feature.
```

> ## Configuring Impersonation

Author: done
